Add Puppet disablement procedure (unplaced) (#933)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disabling-puppet.adoc

[id="Disabling_Puppet_Integration_{context}"]
= Disabling Puppet Integration with {Project}

To discontinue using Puppet in your {Project}, follow this procedure.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Prerequisite
```

> * You upgraded {Project} from the previous version with Puppet server enabled.

Reviewer 2: Do you need to have upgraded from a previous version? Another path to get here is to install Satellite 7.0 without Puppet and then follow the enabling procedure. I'm not sure how to best phrase it but essentially it can be generalized as "Puppet is enabled on {Project}".

.Procedure

> . Disable Puppet server on external {SmartProxies} before you disable it on {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps emphasize it's on all? Though we have coded a safe guard, it doesn't hurt to be explicit.
```suggestion
. Disable Puppet server on all external {SmartProxies} before you disable it on {ProjectServer}:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} plugin purge-puppet
----
. Disable Puppet server on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} plugin purge-puppet [--remove-all-data]
----
+
The command without arguments will remove all internal Puppet data on {ProjectServer}.

> To remove external Puppet data as well, add the `--remove-all-data` argument to the command.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the internal vs external data. Perhaps instead of internal we should say "Puppet related data in {Project}" and instead of external data "Puppetserver data files, including Puppet environments"

[id="Disabling_Puppet_Integration_{context}"]
= Disabling Puppet Integration with {Project}

To discontinue using Puppet in your {Project}, follow this procedure.

.Prerequisites
* You upgraded {Project} from the previous version with Puppet server enabled.

.Procedure

> . Disable Puppet server on {SmartProxies} before you disable it on {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should be specific here, someone might realize there is also an internal Smart proxy and might want to try disabling it on that one :)
```suggestion
. Disable Puppet server on external {SmartProxies} before you disable it on {ProjectServer}:
```

Author: Changed, thx

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} plugin purge-puppet
----
+

> If your deployment includes a database on {SmartProxy}, the command will also remove internal data from the Puppet database.

Reviewer 2: I don't think database on SmartProxy is really a thing. While there is PuppetDB, it's an entirely optional project and we don't support it. The removal procedure thus doesn't remove PuppetDB.

It really removes `/etc/puppetlabs` and `/opt/puppetlabs/server/data`. So in the phrasing I'd keep it to `data`, not `database`.

However, looking at the code now it also calls `foreman-rake purge:puppet` which certainly does NOT work on a SmartProxy so right now it can't work on a SmarProxy.

We'd need to look into that but for now I think this line should be dropped:
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: I agree, the command will not remove the database, because there is no "internal" data (as in internal to Foreman/Satellite) held here.

Author: Thank you both! Dropping line 17.

. Disable Puppet server on {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} plugin purge-puppet [--remove-all-data]
----
+

> The command without arguments will also remove internal data from the Puppet database on {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The command without arguments will remove all internal Puppet data on {ProjectServer}.
```
What about this @ekohl ?

Author: Changed.

> To remove external Puppet data as well, add the `--remove-all-data` argument to the command.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit vague to me. Again because Puppet database makes me (as a Puppet user) think of PuppetDB.

@ezr-ondrej how can we phrase this correctly?

Author: Rephrased.
